material
strength
units
bohr
dipoles
energy
spin
various
directions
parameters
tem
texture
trans
types
ceramics
ferromagnetic
structure
materials
bcc
crystal
effect
high-temperature
alloys
basic concepts
media
alloy
temperature dependence
iron
medium
rolling
temper
cubic
density
moment
spinel
cations
soft
tape
yi
factors
hard
current
al
ge
properties
temperature
dependence
adolinium
alnico
anisotropy
antiferromagnetic material
antiferromagnetism
applications
bohr magneton
cobalt
conductivity
critical
critical properties
crystalline
cubic ferrites
cunife
curie temperature
diamagnetism
domain growth
domain walls
domains
easy
eddy currents
electron
electron spin
factor
factors that affect
ferrimagnetism
ferrite
ferrites
ferromagnetic material
ferromagnetism
flux
flux density
garnets
hard directions
hard disk drive
hard disk drives
hard magnetization
hexagonal ferrites
hysteresis
initial permeability
inverse spinel structure
lodestone
magnet hard disk drives
magnetic
magnetic anisotropy
magnetic ceramics
magnetic dipoles
magnetic drives
magnetic energy product
magnetic field strength
magnetic field vectors
magnetic flux density
magnetic hysteresis
magnetic materials
magnetic moments
magnetic parameters
magnetic permeability
magnetic properties
magnetic storage
magnetic storage tape
magnetic susceptibility
magnetic tape storage
magnetic tapes
magnetism
magnetite
magnetization
magnetocrystalline anisotropy
meissner effect
mic
nickel
nickel ferrite
néel temperature
paramagnetic materials
paramagnetism
permeability
relative permeability
rolling texture
samarium-cobalt alloys
samarium-cobalt magnets
saturation
saturation magnetization
superconductivity
superconductors
transformer cores
various units for
video recorders
yttrium iron garnet
si
