effect
energy
processing
semiconductors
temperature
atoms
ceramic
ceramics
materials
dislocations
imperfections
surface defects
abnormal grain growth
activation energy
arrhenius relationship
beverage bottles created by
boundary surface defects
carburization
carburizing
casting
coatings
composition profile
concentration gradient
conductive ceramics
couple
dependence
diffusion
diffusion coefficient
diffusion dependence
diffusion using
diffusivity
distances
domain boundaries
domains
driving force
energies
error function
ferroelectric materials
fick’s laws
first
flux
grain boundary
grain-size
grain-size strengthening
hot isostatic pressing
interdiffusion
interstitial
ion movements
liquid phase
metallurgy
movement
normal grain growth
optical-fiber coatings
permeability
plastic beverage bottles created
point defects
point defects effects
polyethylene terephthalate
polymers
powder metallurgy
precipitation strengthening
prevention
second
second-phase strengthening
self-
self-diffusion
sintering
stability
stabilized
stacking faults
steels
strain hardening effects
strength
surface
surface diffusion
surface hardening
surface treatments
thin films
time effects
treatment
twin boundaries
using
vacancy
vacancy diffusion
volume
volume diffusion
yttria stabilized zirconia
point
strain
dislocation
grain growth
hardening
material
growth
mechanisms
rate
strain hardening
strengthening
composition
control
solid-solution strengthening
steel
age
hot pressing
materials processing
powders
solid-solution
dispersion strengthening
ions
time
aluminum
nitriding
normal
process
annealing
applications
bonding
atom
dispersion
fiber
cation
coefficient
dopants
conductors
defects
temperature effects
and
conductive
effects
mer
liquid
oxidation
